worker job: Make hard-coded list of files to upload configurable (#2269)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/WritingTests.asciidoc

functionality will override the +PRODUCTDIR+ variable. The above method can
still be used in this case in the common case that the test schedule does not
need to be changed or in case a custom schedule is defined by +SCHEDULE+.

> ==Controling list of log files to upload

Reviewer: space after `=`

Author: done

> During every job run worker produces various log files.

Reviewer: *the* worker

Author: done

> By specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable with comma separated list of variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable with comma separated list of filenames
```

Author: done

> By specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable with comma separated list of filenames

Reviewer: `By specifying the variable +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ with a comma separated list of filenames`

Author: done

> it is possible to control which files should be uploaded to job results. Default set of files

Reviewer: your line wrapping is off, please fix that

Author: not so easy to do when you not using awesome vim , but MS Visual Studio Code :D but I hope now all is fine

is defined in https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/lib/OpenQA/Worker/Job.pm ( +UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ constant ).

> Keep in mind that definition of +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable will overwrite default list. So in case you

Reviewer: I suggest to turn the whole section around:

By default openQA uploads a set of file as defined in … . You can override this by specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ …

Author: For me it looks like I already have such structure just not exactly same wording : 
yours "By default openQA uploads a set of file as defined in "  is equal "Default set of files
is defined in " . "You can override this by specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+" is equal to "definition of +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable will overwrite default list ". And they going in same order as you asked . 

So I can not get what you actually mean when saying : 
> turn the whole section around 

?

Reviewer: Your current text reads like this: "You can specify files. But by default you do not need to. However you can" :)

So I suggest to "turn it around" by starting with the simple case when one does not do anything, the default case. Then afterwards explain that this can be overriden. By this you also do not need to repeat again what is the order of precedence.

```suggestion
- By specifying +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable with comma separated list of filenames
- it is possible to control which files should be uploaded to job results. Default set of files
- is defined in https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/lib/OpenQA/Worker/Job.pm ( +UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ constant ).
- Keep in mind that definition of +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+ variable will overwrite default list.
+ By default openQA uploads a set of file as defined in the constant +UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+
+ in https://github.com/os-autoinst/openQA/blob/master/lib/OpenQA/Worker/Job.pm .
+ You can override this set in the test variable +AUTOINST_UPLOAD_FROM_POOL+.
```

just add variable to list you need to specify your file plus all default. To see all files available to upload examine

> /var/lib/openqa/pool/<worker_id> during test execution.

Reviewer: How about you sprinkle in some articles? ;)

Reviewer 3: Or add a hint to read the this paragraph with Russian accent :-)

Author: @Martchus "Spasiba" comrad :P

Reviewer: @Martchus good idea. I already read out the paragraph to @asmorodskyi with Russian accent to prove my point ;)

Author: please check latest version ...

functionality will override the +PRODUCTDIR+ variable. The above method can
still be used in this case in the common case that the test schedule does not
need to be changed or in case a custom schedule is defined by +SCHEDULE+.

> == Controling list of log files to upload

Reviewer: s/Controling/Controlling/ and *the* list

Author: done
